cds.log(): add hint re header masking (#1830)
cap-js/docs: node.js/cds-log.md

In case your application shares any sensitive data (for example, secrets) via headers, please ensure that you adjust the configuration as necessary.
:::

::: tip
In the log entry, header field names are normalized to lowercase with `_` instead of `-`.

> Make sure your matchers work on the original header name, e.g., `"/Foo-Bar/"` instead of `"/foo_bar/"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your matchers work on the original header name, for example, `"/Foo-Bar/"` instead of `"/foo_bar/"`.
```
```suggestion
Make sure your matchers work on the original header name, for example, `"/Foo-Bar/"` instead of the normalized `"/foo_bar/"`.
```
